Surgical Pathology Sﬁzadu ENQWIhwnN
65%)
TISSUE DESCRIPTION:
A1 J1 K1 L1 M1 M2 N1 01 P1 P2 P3 Q1 Q2 R1 81 Bl

C1 C2 C3

C4 C5 C6 C7 C8 C9 C10 D1 D2 D3 D4 D5 D6 D7 D8 D9 D10 D11
E1 E2 E3 E4

E5 E6 E7 E8 E9 E10 E11 E12 F1 F2 G1 H1 11

Uterus, right ovary (3.0 x 1.1 x 1.0 cm) with 9.0 cm
segment of

right fallopian tube, and 4.2 cm segment of left fallopian
tube

together weighing 120.0 grams; tissue from the bladder
peritoneum

(2.0 x 0.6 x 0.3 cm); tissue from the left bladder
peritoneum (0.8 x

0.5 x 0.3 cm); right and left pelvic lymph nodes; portion
of omentum

(30.0 x 18.0 x 3.0 cm); separately submitted specimens
from the

right colic gutter [No. 1 (0.6 x 0.4 x 0.2 cm), No. 2 (0.3
x 0.3 x

0.3 cm)], separately submitted specimens from the right
diaphragm

.[No. 1 (0.3 x 0.3 x 0.2 cm), No. 2 (0.3 x 0.3 x 0.2 cm)];
right

gonadal vessels (8.2 cm in length); right para—aortic
lymph nodes

above and below the inferior mesenteric artery; tissue
from the left

colic gutter (1.5 x .11 x 0.4 cm); left gonadal vessels
(9.0 cm in

length); left para-aortic lymph nodes above and below the
inferior

mesenteric artery; and tissue from the small bowel
mesentery (0.2 x

0.1 x 0.1 cm).

DIAGNOSIS:

Uterus, hysterectomy: FIGO grade II (of III) endometrial
adenocarcinoma, endometEIBIEIEYpe7vforming a polypoid mass
( 6.0 74
5.1 x 1.2 cm) involving the entire uterine cavity and
extending to

UUID:F7B4C6DC-2259-4AOA-81D3-E
TCGA-Dl-AlSS-OlA- I‘SEFASINS

HlllHIIHllllllllHlllllHlllllllll'lalililllllllﬂlllllllillellcﬁilliﬂtMI
H llllllllllllllllllllHlllllllllllllllll '
Ill llllllllllllllllllllHlllllllHlH|Illlllllﬂllllllﬂllillrlwlﬂm

the lower uterine cavity. The tumor invades 0.5 cm into
the

myometrium (total myometrial thickness, 1.1 cm). A single

intramural leiomyoma (0.2 cm in greatest dimension) is
also

identified. The endocervical canal and ectocervix are
negative for

tumor. The right ovary and bilateral fallopian tubes show
no

diagnostic abnormalities.

Peritoneum, bladder, biopsy: Positive fprwmetastatic
adenocarcinoma, consistent with endometrial primary.

Peritoneum, left bladder, biopsy: Negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, right pelvic, excision: Multiple right
pelvic lymph

nodes (4 external iliac, 2 common iliac, 3 obturator) are
negative

for tumor. Specimen submitted as "right internal iliac
lymph nodes"

did not contain nodal tissue

Lymph nodes, left pelvic, excision: Multiple left pelvic
lymph

nodes (5 external iliac, 1 internal iliac, 4 common iliac,
10

obturator) are negative for tumor

Omentum, omentectomy: Fibroadipose tissue, negative for
tumor

Soft tissue, right colic gutter Nos. 1 and 2, biopsies:
Fibroadipose tissue, negative for tumor, both specimens

\

Soft tissue, right diaphragm Nos. 1 and 2, biopsies:
Fibroconnective tissue, negative for tumor, both specimens

(

Lymph nodes, left and right para—aortic above and below
the inferior

mesenteric artery, excision: Multiple para-aortic lymph
nodes above

the inferior mesenteric artery (7 left, 4 right) are
negative for

tumor. Multiple para-aortic lymph nodes below the
inferior

mesenteric artery (7 left, 5 right) are negative for tumor

Gonadal vessels, left and right, excision: The left and
right
gonadal vessels are negative for tumor

Soft tissue, left colic gutter, biopsy: Fibroadipose
tissue,
negative for tumor

Small bowel, mesentery, biopsy: Negative for tumor (

Small bowel, serosa, biopsy: Positive for metastatic
adenocarcinoma

,___ .....

Immunohistochemical studies for mismatch repair will be
reported in
an addendum.

ADDENDUM:

Immunoperoxidase stains were performed on paraffin-
embedded tumor

sections (block C10). The neoplasm epithelial cells show
intact

expression of DNA mismatch repair enzymes hMLHl, hMSH2,
hMSH6 and

hPMSZ. These findings do not suggest defective DNA
mismatch repair.

)iilnasis
quncr

 

