 

 

 

Received Date/Time

 

Reporting Information Date/Time

Histopatholo ist
Laboratory

Consultant—In—Charge

Submitting Physician —

Histopathology Report

 

’Patholo.

ADDENDUM

ADDENDUM TO HISTOPATHOLOGY REPORT—

Histology shows a confluent, nodular—to—diffuse,
patternless infiltrate of lymphomatous
medium-to—large cells "open" nuclei, granular
chromatin, spotty karyorrhexis, relatively
inconspicuous nucleoli and ample cytoplasm, in one
focus compartmentalised by the sclerotic strands
(Block A1), entrapping skeletal muscle with focal
secondary regenerative multinucleation, walled
partially by fibrosis (Block A2). Atrophic thyroid
follicles amidst a background of lymphocytic
thyroiditis are noted focally (Block A1).

The lymphomatous infiltrate is based almost
entirely on CD21—immunoreactive follicular
dendritic meshworks that maintain circumscription
in nodular areas but are extensively expanded and
disrupted in diffuse areas. The lymphoma is
diffusely positive for pan—B cell marker CD20,
with coexpression of germinal centre—associated
CD10, while the cell proliferation fraction is
fairly uniform around approximately 70—80% by
Ki—67 immunolabelling, highlighting moderate
anisokaryosis amongst medium—to—large cells, as
well as an intermingled, diminutive centrocytic
component discernible focally, in keeping with a
component of WHO Grade 3A follicular lymphoma,
hence contextually and biologically excluding
Burkitt's lymphoma despite neither overexpression
of antiapoptosis protein bcl—Z, nor upregulation
of late—to—postgerminal centre—associated MUM.1,
both of which appear largely accounted for by
physiological expression in CD3—positive, reactive
small T—lymphocytes that disclose perifollicular
accentuation. Immunostaining for terminal
deoxynucleotidyl transferase is negative within
the lymphomatous population, highlighting only
physiological expression in a few, dispersed
haematogones, ruling out a lymphoblastic neoplasm.
Negativity for cyclin D1, except for physiological
expression in scattered thyrofollicular
epithelial, histiocytic and activated endothelial
nuclei, excludes a transformed mantle cell
lymphoma.

UPDATED DIAGNOSIS:
RIGHT THYROID MASS; INCISIONAL BIOPSIES:
LARGE B—CELL LYMPHOMA, DIFFUSE AND FOLLICULAR (WHO

GRADE 3A).

ist

   

 

 

Final

Final
Final

Final

 

Updated

Updated

 

 

