/CA’U'5 ”WWI, N05 f3fJ/3

ﬂbﬁ¢yt4pQWJﬂﬂ‘
Sift? MW (‘54, J/M/H W

Surgical Pathology

UUID: FE397385- 3600- 4456- AE73- 3C362DSFEA3eBd
TCGA- D1- A1NS- 01A- PR

|||
SLIDE DISPOSITION: m

DIAGNOSIS:

A. Abdomen, panniculectomy: Skin and subcutaneous tissue,
1720.0

grams identified grossly.

B. Uterus, bilateral ovaries and fallopian tubes;
hysterectomy and

bilateral salpingo—oophorectomy: FIGO grade I (of III)
endometrial

adenocarcinoma, endometrioid type, is identified forming a
polypoid ‘UM

mass (3.2 x 2.9 x 1.0 cm) located in the posterior uterine
wall.

The tumor invades 0.3 cm into the myometrium (total wall
thickness

1.8 cm). The tumor does not involve the endocervix.
Lymphovascular

space invasion is not identified. There is a single
intramural

leiomyomata (0.6 cm in greatest dimension). Adenomyosis is
present.

The bilateral ovaries and fallopian tubes are not
involved.

Multiple (2 right, 0.8 cm and 1.2 cm in greatest
dimension; 1 left,

1.4 cm in greatest dimension) paratubal cysts are
identified.

C. Lymph nodes, right pelvic, lymphadenectomy: Multiple
(23) right
pelvic lymph nodes are negative for tumor.

D. Lymph nodes, left pelvic, lymphadenectomy: Multiple
(18) left
pelvic lymph nodes are negative for tumor.

With available surgical materials, [AJCC pTlNO] (7th
edition, 2010).

This final pathology report is based on the
gross/macroscopic

examination and the frozen section histologic evaluation
of the

specimen(s). Hematoxylin and Eosin (H&E) permanent
sections are

reviewed to confirm these findings. Any substantive
changes

identified on permanent section review will be reflected
in a

revised report.

GROSS DESCRIPTION:

A. Received fresh labeled "pannus"is a 1720.0 gram
portion of skin

and subcutaneous tissue, without umbilicus. No lesions
identified.

Gross only. Grossed by

B. Received fresh labeled "uterus, right and left
fallopian tubes

and ovaries" is a 95.0 gram uterus with attached bilateral
fallopian

tubes and ovaries. The uterine serosa is smooth. There is
a 3.2 x

2.9 x 1.0 cm polypoid mass in the posterior wall of the
endometrial

cavity, grossly invading 0.3 cm. The myometrial thickness
is 1.8

cm. There is a single intramural leiomyoma (0.6 cm in
greatest

dimension). There is a 1.7 x 1.0 x 1.0 cm right ovary with
a smooth

outer surface and a solid cut surface with a 4.2 x 0.5 cm
right

fallopian tube which has multiple (2) paratubal cysts (0.8
cm and

1.2 cm in greatest dimension). There is a 1.8 x 1.1 x 0.9
cm left

ovary with a smooth outer surface and a solid cut surface
with a 6.5

x 0.5 cm left fallopian tube with a 1.4 cm in greatest
dimension

paratubal cyst. Representative sections are submitted.
C. Received fresh labeled "right pelvic lymph nodes" is
an 8.3 x

5.0 x 2.4 cm aggregate of adipose and lymphatic tissue.
Multiple

(24) lymph nodes are identified. All lymph nodes
submitted.

D. Received fresh labeled "left pelvic lymph nodes" is a
7.3 x 4.6

x 1.8 cm aggregate of adipose and lymphatic tissue.
Multiple (19)

lymph nodes are identified. All lymph nodes submitted.

Yuma! Silt

Reviewcd:

 

