 

 

    
    

Case ID Gross Description

Stomach with saucer-like
tumor up to 9.5 cm in size,
with invasion into the
perigastric fatty tissue. In
the fatty tisseu there are
dense hyperemic lymph
nodes. Omentum is
hyperemic.

 

 

Microscopic
Description

Gastric adenocarcinoma,
intestinal type, G—2.
Invasion into the perigastic
fat. There are foci of tumor
growth in the fat tissue of
greater and lesser
omentum. For of twelve
examined lymph nodes
demonstrated metastasis.

Diagnosis Details

  

Tumor Features: Ulcerated,
Tumor Extent: Perigastric
fat , Venous Invasion:
Absent, Margins: Absent,
Treatment Effect:

 

 

  

 

 

Connnents

Original records say N1.

 

Forn1atted Path
Repoﬂ
STOMACH'HSSUE
CHECKUST

Specimen type: Subtotal
gastrectomy

Tumor site: Antrum
Tumor size: 0 x 0 x 9.5 cm
Tumor features: Ulcerated
Histologic type:
Adenocarcinoma, intestinal
type

Histologic grade:
Moderately differentiated
Tumor extent: Subserosa
Lymph nodes: 4/15
positive for metastasis
(Greater and lesser
curvature 4/15)

Lymphatic invasion: Not
specified

Venous invasion: Absent
Perineural invasion: Not
specified

Margins: Uninvolved
Evidence of neo-adjuvant
treatment: Not specified
Additional pathologic
findings: Not specified
Comments: None

 

 

Excision date Laterality

