éii;&:ujwmomﬁv,.omamujhuwd-wwl gﬁkuadYrgur €330}
511.1mﬁmwﬁwh~z ¢5%/ aﬂym Id,

Surgical Pathology

UUID: 2FSCADA5-176C-439D-9660-SBBEBGBICDBS
TCGA- D1 1-A1oo B1A- PR Re act ted

IIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllll|||||l||l|||||||||||||||l||||||i|
|l||l||||||||l||||||l|l|||||||ll|l||l|
"Inﬁll”:llllllllllIIIIIIIIIIllllllﬂllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

SLIDE DISPOSITION: “

DIAGNOSIS:

A. Uterus, bilateral ovaries, and fallopian tubes;
hysterectomy and

bilateral salpingo‘oophorectomy: Endometrial
adenocarcinoma, mixed

endometrioid and clear cell types (90% endometrioid, 10%
clear

cell), FIGO grade 3 (of 3) is identified forming a mass
(3.6 x 2.9 x

2.0 cm) located in the posterior uterine wall. The tumor
invades

0.1 cm into the myometrium (total myometrial thickness,
1.7 cm) and

does not involve the endocervix. Lymphovascular space
invasion is

not identified. The margins are negative for tumor. The
bilateral

ovaries and fallopian tubes are not involved.

B. Peritoneum, abdominal wall, biopsy: Negative for
tumor.

C. Lymph nodes, right pelvic, lymphadenectomy: Multiple
(21) right
pelvic lymph nodes are negative for tumor.

D. Lymph nodes, left pelvic, lymphadenectomy: Multiple
(17) left

pelvic lymph nodes are negative for tumor.

E. Omentum, omentectomy: Negative for tumor.

F. Lymph nodes, left para—aortic, lymphadenectomy:
Multiple (5)

left para—aortic lymph nodes are negative for tumor

G. Gonadal vessels, left, biopsy: Negative for tumor.

H. Lymph nodes, right para—aortic, lymphadenectomy:
Multiple (4)

right para-aortic lymph nodes are negative for tumor.

1. Gonadal vessels, right, biopsy: Negative for tumor.

J. Peritoneum, cul de sac, biopsy: Negative for tumor.

K. Peritoneum, bladder, biopsy: Negative for tumor.

L. Peritoneum, left colic gutter, biopsy: Negative for
tumor.

M. Peritoneum, right colic gutter, biopsy: Negative for
tumor.

N. Peritoneum, right diaphragm, biopsy: Negative for
tumor.

0. Peritoneum, left pelvic sidewall, biopsy: Negative
for tumor.

P. Peritoneum, right pelvic sidewall, biopsy: Negative
for tumor.

Q. Peritoneum, small bowel mesentery, biopsy: Negative
for tumor.

R. Peritoneum, large bowel mesentery, biopsy: Negative
for tumor.

S. Peritoneum, small bowel serosa, biopsy: Negative for
tumor.

T. Peritoneum, large bowel serossa, biopsy: Negative for
tumor.

With available surgical material [AJCC pTlaNO] (7th
edition, 2010).

PRELIMINARY FROZEN SECTION CONSULTATION:
A. Uterus, bilateral ovaries, and fallopian tubes;
hysterectomy and

bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy: Endometrial
adenocarcinoma,

endometrioid type, FIGO grade 3 (of 3). No definitive
myometrial

invasion identified. Hold over to evaluate myometrial
invasion and

histologic subtype.

B. Peritoneum, abdominal wall, biopsy: Negative for
tumor.

C. Lymph nodes, right pelvic, lymphadenectomy: Multiple
(21) right
pelvic lymph nodes are negative for tumor.

E. Omentum, omentectomy: Negative for tumor.

H. Lymph nodes, right para—aortic, lymphadenectomy:
Multiple (4)
right para-aortic lymph nodes are negative for tumor.

GROSS DESCRIPTION:

A. Received fresh labeled "uterus, right and left
fallopian tubes

and ovaries" is a 101.2 gram uterus with attached
bilateral tubes

and ovaries. The uterine serosa is smooth. There is a
3.6 x 2.9 x

2.0 cm exophytic soft tan mass in the posterior wall of
the

endometrial cavity without gross invasion. The myometrial
thickness

is 1.7 cm. There are multiple (2) intramural and
subserosal

leiomyomas (1.5 cm and 2.2 cm in greatest dimension).
There is a

2.6 x 1.7 x 1.0 cm right ovary with a smooth outer surface
and a

solid cut surface with a 10.2 x 0.8 cm right fallopian
tube which is

unremarkable. There is a 1.8 x 1.5 x 0.7 cm left ovary
with a

smooth outer surface and a solid cut surface with a 5.5 x
0.5 cm

left fallopian tube which is unremarkable. Representative
sections

submitted.

B. Received fresh labeled "abdominal wall" is a 0.7 x 0.6
x 0.4 cm
fragment of yellow—tan soft tissue. All submitted.

. C. Received fresh labeled "right pelvic nodes" is an 11.0
x 8.0 x

2.0 cm aggregate of adipose tissue and lymph nodes. All
lymph nodes

submitted.

D. Received fresh labeled "left pelvic nodes" is a 10.0 x
8.0 x 2.0

cm aggregate of adipose tissue and lymph nodes. All lymph
nodes

submitted.

E. Received fresh labeled "omentum" is a 71.8 x 17.5 x
3.0 cm

portion of omentum. No masses are identified grossly.
Lymph nodes

are not identified. Representative sections submitted.

F. Received fresh labeled "left para—aortic lymph nodes"
is a 4.0 x

3.6 x 1.5 cm aggregate of adipose tissue and lymph nodes.
All lymph

nodes submitted.

G. Received fresh labeled "left gonadal vessels" is an
8.5 cm in

length by 0.3 cm in diameter portion of unremarkable blood
vessel.

A representative section is submitted.

H. Received fresh labeled "right para-aortic lymph nodes"
is a 4.0

x 3.0 x 1.5 cm aggregate of adipose tissue and lymph
nodes. All

lymph nodes submitted.

1. Received fresh labeled "right gonadal vessels" is a
4.7 cm in

length by 0.6 cm in diameter portion of unremarkable blood
vessel.

A representative section is submitted.

J. Received fresh labeled "cul de sac" is a 0.7 x 0.7 x
0.3 cm

. aggregate of tan yellow soft tissue which is entirely
submitted.

K. Received fresh labeled "bladder peritoneum" is a 0.4 x
0.3 x 0.2

cm aggregate of tan yellow soft tissue which is entirely
submitted.

L. Received fresh labeled "left colic gutter" is a 2.4 x
1.1 x 0.7
cm aggregate of tan yellow soft tissue which is entirely
submitted.

M. Received fresh labeled "right colic gutter" is a 0.7 x

0.7 x 0.3
cm aggregate of tan yellow soft tissue which is entirely
submitted.

. N. Received fresh labeled "right diaphragm" is a 0.9 x
0.9 x 0.3 cm

aggregate of tan yellow soft tissue which is entirely
submitted.

0. Received fresh labeled "left pelvic sidewall" is a 0.3
x 0.3 x

0.3 cm aggregate of tan yellow soft tissue which is
entirely

submitted.

P. Received fresh labeled "right pelvic sidewall" is a
0.4 x 0.4 x

0.2 cm aggregate of tan yellow soft tissue which is
entirely

submitted.

Q. Received fresh labeled "small bowel mesentery" is a
1.1 x 0.7 x

0.6 cm aggregate of tan yellow soft tissue which is
entirely

submitted.

R. Received fresh labeled "large bowel mesentery" is a
O.9x0.7x ‘3
0.3 cm aggregate of tan yellow soft tissue which is
entirely
submitted.
S. Received fresh labeled "small bowel serosa" is a 0.3 x
0.3 x 0.2
cm aggregate of tan yellow soft tissue which is entirely
submitted.

T. Received fresh labeled "large bowel serosa" is a 0.2 x
0.2 x 0.2

cm aggregate of tan yellow soft tissue which is entirely
submitted.

 
 
  
     
 
   
 

c.4191]- _ __
Diagnosn Discrepancy _
i, imary Tumov sm- Dixrvepancy_
IHPAA Disc: .

_...—
Plim M '
”’—
Omit/5v _
Case is kink):
'.

_L.¢——-.

  

________————-—

