  

CGA-A6-3808

 

SPECIMEN
Right colon

CLINICAL NOTES
PRE—OP DIAGNOSIS: Carcinoma right colon.

GROSS DESCRIPTION
Received fresh for tissue procurement labeled "right
colon"
is a previously unopened 15 cm. segment of proximal right

colon with attached 15 cm. distal ileum surfaced by smooth to
scabrous tan pink serosa with a copious amount of attached

mesocolon
and mesentery. No appendix is present. The proximal and distal
margins measure 3.2 and 5.2 cm. in circumference respectively. On
opening there is a well circumscribed, 4.4 x 4.0 cm. rubbery tan
white—red tumor mass within the cecal pouch, 1 cm. distal to the
ileocecal valve. A portion of tumor and a portion of normal are
submitted for tissue procurement as requested. On sectioning, the
tumor has a maximal thickness of 1.1 cm., grossly extending through
the muscularis to within 0.1 cm. of the inked free serosal surface.
The ileal mucosa and remaining colonic mucosa is unremarkable
glistening tan pink with irregular folds and the walls average 0.5
cm. in thickness. Multiple soft pale tan to tan pink tissues in
keeping with lymph nodes measuring up to 1.4 cm. in greatest
dimension are recovered from the attached mesocolon and mesentery.
Representative sections are submitted in 13 blocks as labeled.
R813.

BLOCK SUMMARY: 1 — Proximal and distal margins; 2—4 — tumor full

thickness to inked free radial serosal surface; 5 — tumor to
normal;

6 — ileum; 7 — ICE; 8 H colon; 9 and 10 — eight whole lymph nodes

per cassette; 11 — six whole lymph nodes; 12 and 13 H one bisected

lymph node per cassette.

 

 

MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION

Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma with mucinous differentiation.
Histologic grade: Moderately—differentiated.

Primary tumor (pT): Tumor invades through the muscularis propria
into the pericolonic fat (pTB).

Proximal margin: Negative.

Distal margin: Negative.

Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative.

Vascular invasion: Negative.

Regional lymph nodes (pN): 24 lymph nodes are negative for
metastatic carcinoma (pNO).

Non—lymph node pericolonic tumor: Absent.

Distant metastasis (pM): Cannot be assessed (pr).

DIAGNOSIS

  

Colon, right and terminal ileum, resection:

Invasive moderatelysdifferentiated colonic adenocarcinoma with

mucinous differentiation extending through the wall of the colon
into the pericolonic fat.

The proximal, distal and radial margins of resection are free of

tumor. Twenty four mesenteric lymph nodes are negative for

metastatic carcinoma 0/24

   

  

End Of Report

 

