|Lb~045
adwwuwunmulMdmmﬂunLANLsuahmtﬁmg
8383/3

SII’A (344:: II’IIJHWI’W/ CS'LII (In!!!

DIAGNOSIS:

A. Uterus, bilateral ovaries, and fallopian tubes;
hysterectomy and

bilateral salpingo—oophorectomy: Multifocal, synchronous
carcinoma_s

identified Within the endometrial lining (intrauterine),
anterior

uterine serosa, and right ovary.

5-.

Within the endometrium, there is a FIGO grade II (of III)
endometrial adenocarcinoma, endometriOid and secretory

types, *__—~“:

forming a mass (5.2 x 2.4 x 0.9 cm) located in the left
posterior

and right and left anterior walls. The tumor shows only
superficial

invasion into the myometrium to roughly 0.1 cm (total wall
thickness

2.4 cm). No angiolymphatic invasion seen. While the
cancer extends

into the lower uterine segment, the cervix and endocervix
are

negative for tumor.

On the anterior uterine serosa, there is a microscopic
(roughly 0.4

cm) focus_ofﬂEI§Q grade III (of III) undifferentiated
carcinoma“ V‘W”M*%MN
§EESEIéted with psammomatous calcifications and
endometriosis.

While the presence of calcifications may suggest the
possibility of

a serous carcinoma, the tumor cell morphology appears too
small for

that designation. Furthermore, the presence of
endometriosis with a

granulomatous, giant cell, and fibrohistiocytic reaction
suggests

the possibility that this cancer has arisen from
endometriosis.

A thir dI-focus of cancer is present in the right ovary and
represents

a FIGO grade I (of III) endemsjcriqidradenpgalgginema
forming a nodule

(0.9 x 0.9 x 0.8 cm) and associated with atypical complex

B- IJ4344- AAsPllg- 4BABF71CFOBD
UUID: DOCBGCXSOS- ago Read Cted

IIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII III III III
III IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII III
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlIIIIIIIII

hyperplasia. The tumor morphology is compatible with a
low grade

endometrioid cancer arising from an atypical endometrioid
adenofibroma of the ovary. However, cancer arising from
an

endometriotic cyst cannot be completely excluded.

The left ovary and left and right fallopian tubes are
negative for
tumor.

Comment:

Despite thorough sampling of the intrauterine tumor, there
does not

appear to be any cancer morphology which unequivocallly
matches the

anterior serosal cancer implant. Furthermore, in
immunoperoxidase

studies performed using tissue from the anterior uterine
serosa (A1)

and intrauterine tumor (A2), the cancer in the uterine
serosa shows

strong and diffuse reactivity with antibodies to p53 and
MIB-l

without reactivity with antibodies to estrogen receptors.
Conversely, the intrauterine endometrial cancer shows
reasonably

strong (roughly 50% of the cells) positivity with estrogen
receptors

with attenuated reactivity with antibodies to p53 and MIB—
1 (again,

about 50% of the tumor cells positive). These
immunoresults

indicate that the cancer focus on the anterior uterine
serosa is

higher grade than the intrauterine cancer. However, they
do not

establish how this uterine serosal focus developed.

ADDENDUM:
HNPCC screen will be performed on endometrial cancer tissue
sections (block A2)

ADDENDUM:

At the request of the clinical service involved in the
care of the

patient, immunohistochemical staining for DNA mismatch
repair

enzymes MLHl, MSH2, MSH6, and PMSZ was performed on the
paraffin-embedded endometrium cancer sections (block A16).
There is

aberrant loss of expression of MLH1 and PMSZ within the
malignant

cells. Internal positive control staining is present. MSH2
and MSH6

expression is intact within both the neoplastic and non—
neoplastic

cells. The findings confirm defective DNA mismatch repair
due to

loss of MLH1 expression with secondary loss of PMSZ.
Differentiation

between germline and somatic MLHl abnormality will require
mutation

analysis.

PRELIMINARY FROZEN SECTION CONSULTATION:

A. Uterus, bilateral ovaries, and fallopian tubes;
hysterectomy and

bilateral salpingo—oophorectomy: FIGO grade II (of III)
endometrial

adenocarcinoma, endometrioid and secretory type, is
identified

forming a mass (5.2 x 2.4 x 0.9 cm) located in the
anterior uterine

wall. The tumor invades 0.1 cm into the myometrium, total
wall

thickness 2.4 cm, and involves the lower uterine segment.
The tumor

does not involve the endocervix. The margins are negative
for

tumor. Right ovary — Question of adenofibroma. The left
ovary and

bilateral fallopian tubes are without diagnostic
abnormality.

Hold to assess for invasion. Frozen section histologic
interpretation performed by:

GROSS DESCRIPTION:

A. Received fresh labeled "uterus, right and left
fallopian tubes

and ovaries" is a 160.0 gram uterus with attached
bilateral tubes

and ovaries and an unremarkable cervix. The anterior
uterine serosa

has focal hemorrhagic adhesions with a grossly
identifiable firm

nodule (roughly 0.5 cm). There is a 5.2 x 2.4 x 0.9 cm
polypoid

mass in the left posterior wall and right and left
anterior wall of

the endometrial cavity with 2.4 cm myometrial thickness.
The tumor

extends to involve the lower uterine segment grossly.
There are no

leiomyomata present. There is a 3.6 x 2.8 x 2.5 cm right
ovary with

focal hemorrhagic adhesions on the outer surface and a
cyst (0.9 x

0.8 x 0.8 cm) with brown contents and multiple hemorrhagic
cysts

(ranging in size from 0.2 cm to 0.7 cm in greatest
dimension) and a

9.8 x 0.6 cm right fallopian tube. There is a 3.3 x 2.4 x
2.2 cm

left ovary with a smooth outer surface and multiple
hemorrhagic

cysts (ranging in size from 0.3 cm to 1.0 cm in greatest
dimension)

and a 8.7 x 0.6 cm left fallopian tube with a 1.3 cm in
greatest

dimension paratubal cyst. Representative sections
submitted.

BLOCK SUMMARY:
Part A: Uterus, tubes, ovaries

KOGDQONU‘IbbJNt—l

NNI—‘I—‘I—‘I—‘I—‘I—‘I—JI—‘I—‘H
HommqmmbwmI—lo

Anterior uterine serosa
Endometrium—1
Endometrium—2
Endometrium—3
Endometrium—4
Endometrium—5

Lower uterine segment
Cervix

Rt fallopian tube

Rt ovary

Lt fallopian tube
Lt ovary

Surface of Rt ovary

Rt ovary cyst—1
Rt ovary cyst—2
Endometrium
Endometrium
Endometrium
Endometrium
Endometrium
Endometrium

 

 

