_ Surgical Pathology TCGA "' CW "" 5584

TISSUE DESCRIPTION:
Right kidney (285 grams. 12.0 x 9.0 x 6.0 cm), right periaortic
tissue (aggregating 4.0 x 4.0 x1.9 cm), right retroperitoneal lymph
node, and anterior vena cava lymph node

DIAGNOSIS:

Kidney, right, radical nephrectomy: Grade 3 (of 4) renal cell
carcinoma, clear cell type, forms a 6.0 x 4.5 x 4.0 cm mass located
in the mid pole. The tumor extends into the peripheral perinephric
fat. A tumor thrombus is present in the renal vein. Coagulative
tumor necrosis is absent. Sarcomatoid differentiation is absent.
The surgical margins are negative. No renal hilar lymph nodes are
identified. The adrenal gland is present and unremarkable. A
Separate 4.0 x 4.0 x 4.0 cm benign cyst is present in the inferior
pole.

Soft tissue, right periaortic, excision: Metastatic grade 3 (of 4)
renal cell carcinoma, clear cell type.

Lymph node. right retroperitoneal, excision: One (of 1} lymph node
shows metastatic grade 3 (of 4) renal cell carcinoma. clear cell
type.

Lymph node, anterior vena cava,, excision: One (of l} lymph node
shows metastatic grade 3 (of 4) renal cell carcinoma, clear cell

type.

 

 

_ Surgical Pathology

TISSUE DESCRIPTION:
Right kidney {285 grams, 12.0 x 9.0 x 6.0 cm), right neriaortic
tissue {aggregating 4.0 x 4.0 31.9 cm}. right retroperiuoneal lymgh
node, and anterior vena cave lymph node

DIAGNOSIS:
Kidney, right, radical nephrectomy: Grade 3 (of 4) renal cell
carcinoma, clear cell type. forms a 6.0 x 4.5 x 4.0 cm mass located
in the mid pole. The tumor extends into the peripheral perinephric
fat. A tumor thrombus is present in the renal vein. Coagulativs
tumor necrosis is absent- Sarcomatoid differentiation is absent.
The surgical margins are negative. No renal hilar lymph nodes are
iﬂentifiea. The adrenal gland is present and unremarkable. A
segazate 4.0 x 4.0 x 4.0 cm benign cyst is present in the inferior
po e.

Soft tissue, right perieortic, excision: Metastatic grade 3 (of 4)
renal cell carcinoma, clear cell type.

Lymph mace. right reuroperitoneal. excision: One (oﬁ i) lymph noée
shaws metastatic grace 3 (of 4) renal cell carcinoma, clear cell
type.

Lymph node, anterior vena cava,, excision: one (oi ll lymph noae
shows metastatic grade 3 {of 4) renal cell carcinoma. clear cell

type.

 

