UUID:7D4F361A-187C-4828-9633—9331305152E3

T -DD-A4NI-01A-PR

III II IN
IN “III
III ||||l

I
||||||||l|
|||lll||
DIAGNOSIS:

A. Gallbladder, cholecystectomy: Acute and chronic cholecystitis

and cholelithiasis. A single (1) cystic duct reactive lymph node.

B. Liver, segment IVa, biopsy: Focus of atypical hepatocytes with
architectural cribriforming, consistent with hepatocellular
carcinoma arising in awbackground of steatqhepatitig (these features
are best seen on the frozen section slide).

 

C. Liver, segment II, biopsy: Subcapsular lipoma (0.5 cm). The
underlying liver parenchyma shows marked steatohepatitis.

D. Liver, left hepatectomy: Grade 1 — 2 (of 4) hepatocellular
carcinoma, forming a well—defined, lobulated and hemorrhagic
dominant mass (4.8 x 4.2 x 3.7 cm) with biopsy effect in segment IVb
of the liver. Situated roughly 5 cm superior to this tumor, in
segment IVa (clinical), is a second nodule of grade 1 - 2 (of 4)
hepatocellular carcinoma that is much less distinct grossly with an
estimated greatest linear extent of about 1.5 cm. This tumor also
displays needle tract effect (see part B above). Near the end of
segment II is a cautery defect status-post wedge biopsy (see part C
above). The background liver shows gross and microscopic evidence
of steatohepatitis without cirrhosis. Random sections of background
liver evaluated microscopically show "clonal" expansions of
hepatocytes with some architectural and cytologic atypia best viewed
as physiologic in nature. There are also many bile duct hamartomas
identified grossly and microscopically ranging in size from 0.2 cm
to 0.5 cm in greatest dimension. The margins of resection are
negative for malignancy (closest tumor free margin estimated at
roughly 0.5 cm from the smaller cancer in segment IVa).

JC212>'{S‘—EE>

Redacted

lllcllalﬁlllllllll illIlllllll||||||||||||llllllllllllllll

Illlllll
u}H‘I'u'i‘uﬂ'llWh‘ﬁﬂ‘ﬁ'ﬁl‘i‘dW.m.m

antic/norm“, ﬂaw eel/Line U03

Eilyﬁf: Zyuaéia (332:155

<flaé) A59424///1_.

HIFAA
Prior

Case is
Reviewerlnmals Reviewed:

9/7043

 

 

