le - 0 -3
WWW] WM‘M% My;
9380‘3 IJ/4ﬂd

. [Mr
Surgical Pathology Sﬁlaa‘ a¢WMWW~J 0541
REVISED REPORT (Revised information underlined)

TISSUE DESCRIPTION:
A1 A2 A3 A4 A5 A6 A7 A8 A9 A10 A11 A12 A13 A14

A15 J1 J2

J3 Kl L1 L2 L3 L4 Bl B2 B3 B4 BS B6 B7 B8 B9 B10 B11 B12
B13 814 B15

B16 317 818 819 BZO B21 C1 C2 C3 C4 C5 C6 C7 C8 C9 C10 C11
C12 C13

C14 C15 C16 C17 D1 D2 D3 D4 D5 D6 D7 D8 E1 F1 G1 G2 H1 H2
I1 I2 I3

I4 15 I6

Uterus, right ovary (3.6 x 1.6 x 0.5 cm) with 7.2 cm
segment of

right fallopian tube, and left ovary (3.0 x 1.0 x 0.5 cm)
with 7.0

cm segment of left fallopian tube together weighing 320.0
grams and

separately submitted right and left pelvic lymph nodes,
right and

left para—aortic lymph nodes, right gonadal vessels (10.5
cm in

length) and left gonadal vessels (10.0 cm in length).

DIAGNOSIS:

Uterus, bilateral ovaries, and fallopian tubes; total
hysterectomy

and bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy: FIGO grade II (of
III) ‘~‘—‘*—‘—
endometrial adenocarcinoma, _enggmetrigid type, forming an
ill— defined mass (6. 2 x 2. U x 2. u cm) associated with
areas of

endometrial polyp with disordered proliferative phase
endometrium

and extensive pre-hysterectomy ablation effect. The tumor
involves

most of the uterine fundus extending into the anterior
endometrium

as well as distally to the transformation zone
(endocervix) of the

cervix. Tumor cell necrosis is extensive (>80%), status—
post

ablative therapy. Exact depth of myometrial invasion is
difficult

UUID: SSSBSCES- 7D25- 4323- 3246- F642550C70CDd
TCGA- -D1- A163- 91A- PR

ted
III |||||IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIeIIIIIllIII
III |IIIII|I||IIIIIII|I||| IIIIII IIIIIIIIIII IIII III

III IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII I IIIIII IIIII IIIIII I IIIIIIII I III I I III III

to determine (due to tumor necrosis from ablative therapy)
but
appears to be roughly 1 ~ 3 mm (total myometrial thickness

roughly

2.5 cm). Lymphovascular space invasion is not definitely
identified

[AJCC pT2a]. The bilateral ovaries and fallopian tubes
show no

diagnostic abnormalities.

Lymph nodes, left pelvic, excision: Metastatic
endometrioid

adenocarcinoma is identified in a single (of 5) left
pelvic external

iliac lymph node. Multiple left pelvic lymph nodes (1
internal

iliac, 3 obturator) are negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, left and right common iliac, excision:
Multiple (5

right common iliac and 7 left common iliac) pelvic lymph
nodes are

negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, left common iliac, No. 2, excision: Multiple
(6) left
common iliac lymph nodes are negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, right pelvic, excision: One of 12 external

iliac lymph nodes contains a microscopic focus of
metastatic

endometrioid adenocarcinoma. Multiple right pelvic lymph

nodes (3 internal iliac and 11 obturator) are negative for
tumor.

 

 

Lymph nodes, left para—aortic, excision: Multiple left
para-aortic

lymph nodes (7 below the inferior mesenteric artery and 12
above the

inferior mesenteric artery) are negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, right para-aortic, excision: Multiple right
para—aortic lymph nodes (19 above the inferior mesenteric
artery)

are negative for tumor. Specimen submitted as "right
para—aortic

lymph nodes below the inferior mesenteric artery"
contained no nodal
tissue.

Gonadal vessels, right and left, excisions: No diagnostic
abnormalities.

Comment:

Multiple (2 of 82) lymph nodes positive for small foci of
metastatic adenocarcinoma (1 left external iliac and 1
right

external iliac).

 

AMENDMENTS: (Previous Signout Date:

Revision Description: On permanent sections, one (of 12)
external

iliac lymph nodes contains a microscopic focus of
metastatic

endometrioid adenocarcinoma.

....Original Diagnosis....

Uterus, bilateral ovaries, and fallopian tubes; total
hysterectomy

and bilateral salpingo—oophorectomy: FIGO grade II (of
III)

endometrial adenocarcinoma, endometrioid type, forming an
ill—defined mass (6.2 x 2.0 x 2.0 cm) associated with
areas of

endometrial polyp with disordered proliferative phase
endometrium

and extensive pre—hysterectomy ablation effect. The tumor
involves

most of the uterine fundus extending into the anterior
endometrium

as well as distally to the transformation zone
(endocervix) of the

cervix. Tumor cell necrosis is extensive (>80%), status—
post

ablative therapy. Exact depth of myometrial invasion is
difficult

to determine (due to tumor necrosis from ablative therapy)
but

appears to be roughly 1 — 3 mm (total myometrial thickness
roughly

2.5 cm). Lymphovascular space invasion is not definitely
identified

[AJCC pT2a]. The bilateral ovaries and fallopian tubes
show no

diagnostic abnormalities.

Lymph nodes, left pelvic, excision: Metastatic
endometrioid

adenocarcinoma is identified in a single (of 5) left
pelvic external

iliac lymph node. Multiple left pelvic lymph nodes (1
internal

iliac, 3 obturator) are negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, left and right common iliac, excision:
Multiple (5

right common iliac and 7 left common iliac) pelvic lymph
nodes are

negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, left common iliac, No. 2, excision: Multiple
(6) left
common iliac lymph nodes are negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, right pelvic, excision: Multiple right
pelvic lymph
nodes (3 internal iliac, 12 external iliac and 11

obturator) are
negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, left para-aortic, excision: Multiple left
para—aortic

lymph nodes (7 below the inferior mesenteric artery and 12
above the

inferior mesenteric artery) are negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, right para—aortic, excision: Multiple right
para-aortic lymph nodes (19 above the inferior mesenteric

artery)
are negative for tumor. Specimen submitted as "right

para-aortic

lymph nodes below the inferior mesenteric artery"
contained no nodal

tissue.

Gonadal vessels, right and left, excisions: No diagnostic
abnormalities.

in: Is

Ieviewer Reviewed:

     
           
 

