gaPCInoMCL/wnzL/ﬂel/l A/QS
alfar dél/ fypt’, Sis/3213
"“1”‘ié‘éﬁéii‘ﬁs‘ia‘ﬂﬂ‘rf“W‘Aﬁsé«'1'thed an; @ W“? N05

llllllllllllllllllll||||||||llllll||||||||||l||||l||||||||| ”Ba/[1%6’é 4/3

Diagnosis:
Kidney, right robotic partial nephrectomy

Histologic tumor type/subtype: renal cell carcinoma, clear cell
type

Histologic grade (if applicable): Fuhrman grade 3 (of 4)
Sarcomatoid features: not identified

Tumor size (greatest dimension): 2.5 cm

Tumor focality: solitary

Extent of tumor invasion:

Capsular invasion/perirenal adipose tissue: not identified
Major veins (renal vein or segmental branches, IVC): not
identified

Venous (large vessel): not identified

Lymphatic (small vessel): focally present

microscopically (A5)

Histologic assessment of surgical margins:

Renal parenchymal margin: negative

Renal capsular margin: negative

Perinephric adipose tissue margin: not applicable

Lymph nodes: no lymph nodes submitted

Other significant findings: separate partial nephrectomy with
benign simple cyst, 1 cm

‘AJCC Staging:
pTla pNx

This staging information is based on information available at
the time of this report, and is subject to change pending
clinical review and additional information.

Clinical History:
year—old male with renal mass.

‘Gross Description:

Received is one appropriately labeled container, additionally
labeled "1. Tumor kidney, 2. kidney tumor" and consists of two
partial nephrectomy specimens 2 grams (1.5 x 1.5 x 0.6 cm) and
20 grams (3.7 x 3.7 x 3.5 cm). The capsule and parenchymal
margin of each segment is inked black and blue respectively.
Adherent to the capsule of the smaller segment is a 1.0 x 1.0 x
0.7 cm intact, partially collapsed simple cyst. The cyst is
filled with a thin brown fluid.

The cyst wall is <0.1 cm thick and without excrescences. The
parenchyma is unremarkable. The specimen is submitted in A1 and
A2,

The cut surface of the larger segment has a 2.5 x 2.5 x 2.5 cm
well-circumscribed soft variegated mass that bulges the capsule,
but does not extend through it and is 0.1 cm from the
parenchymal margin. The uninvolved parenchyma is smooth and
tan/brown. A portion of tumor is given to tissue procurement.

Block Summary:

A3—A4 — Mass closest to the parenchymal margin, perpendicular
A5—A6 — Mass abutting capsule

A7 - Mass with adjacent normal kidney

 
   
  

EL‘Q..'.....__._.-——
Diagnmis Dlmnpnnw __ -1 __0 ___<___
_....—o #7,,”

Pumarv 'l umur sni Duct-epincy

mow: Discrepsmy __‘

Prim Mahgnmcy Hilary

