sac.z>~éw133

mummies:-3ac7-4a12-ssaz-oaesistaaria Captznbmw M05

TCGA-NF-A4wU—91A-PR R d t d
mmIuIumm“Iliummmmmmquuﬁllﬁﬁu 9 393013

II _.
I lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 51h ’ ,
i{HHIIEIIIIIIIPIIIIIIIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll Fail thclomej'l'lmm, (£54. I

6493;: LLwaazs ﬂJDJSI, CZERSE?
SLIDE DISPOSITION: célk>:2/VQIIEB

DIAGNOSIS: _ _ .
A. Lymph nodes, right para—aortic, beiow the inferior mesenteric
artery, biopsy: Mu tiple (4) 1ymph nodes are negative for tumor.
Frozen section histologic interpretation performed by:

B. Lymph nodes, right ara-aortic, above the inferior mesenteric
artery, biopsy: _Mu tip_e (9) 1ymph nodes are negative for tumor.
Frozen section histoiogic interpretation performed by: ‘ ' "

C. Lymph nodes, 1eft_para-aortic, beiow the inferior mesenteric
artery, biopsy: _Mu1tip1e (3) 1ymph nodes are negative for tumor.
Frozen sertion histoiogic interpretation performed by:

D. Lymph nodes, 1eft_para-aortic, above the inferior mesenteric
artery, biopsy: _Mu1tip]e (5) 1ymph nodes are negative for tumor.
Frozen section histoiogic interpretation performed by:

E. Lymph nodes, ri ht peivic, dissection:_ Muitipie (t5) 1ymph
nodes are negative or tumor. Frozen section histoiogic
interpretation performed by:

F. Lymph nodes, 1eft peivic, biopsy: Muitipie (9) 1ymph nodes are
negative for tumor. Fro7en section istoiogic interpretation
performed by:

G. Uterus, 1eft and right faiiopian tubes and ovaries, hysterectomy
and biiaterai saipingo—oophorectomy: carcinosarcoma (95% gianduiar,
5% homoiogous stroma differentiation) is identified forming a
po1ypoid mass (3.5 x 3.3 x 2.2 cm). The gianduiar component
comprises predominantiy of a serous component with a minor
endometrioid component. The tumor is confined to the endometrium.
The tumor does not invoive the endocervix. Lymphovascular space
invasion is not identified. The margins are negative for tumor.
Muitipie (2) intramurai 1eiomyomata (ranging in size from 0.9 cm to
1.4 cm in greatest dimension).

H—Q. Staging biopsies [biadder peritoneum, right peivic sidewa11,
1eft pe1v1c sidewaii, cu1—de—sac, smaii bowel mesentery, sma11 bowei
serosa, Targe bowe] mesentery, Targe bowei serosa, epipioic tag, and
anterior abdominai wail] biopsies: Negative for tumor, a11
speCimens.

R. Omentum, omentectomy: Negative for tumor.

with avaiiabie surgicai materiai [AJCC pTlaNO] (7th edition,2

ADDENDUM :

This note is added to the finai pathoiogy report to ciarify that it
was based on the gross/macroscopic examination and the frozen
section histoiogic evaiuation of the specimen(s). Hematoxyiin and
Eosin (H&E) permanent sections are reviewed to confirm these
findings. Any Substantive changes identified on permanent section
review wouid be refiected in a revised report.

GROSS DESCRIPTION:

A. Received fresh labeled "right para-aortic lymph nodes below the
inferior mesenteric artery” is a 4.9 x 3.5 x 1.7 cm aggregate of
adipose and lymphatic tissue. Lymph nodes submitted

3. Received fresh labeled "right para-aortic lymph nodes above the
inferior mesenteric artery" is a 4.8 x 2.4 x 1.0 cm aggregate of
adipose and lymphatic tissue. Lymph nodes submitted

C. Received fresh labeled "left para-aortic lymph nodes below the
inferior mesenteric artery" is a 4.5 x 3.2 x 1.7 cm aggre ate of
adipose and lymphatic tissue. Multiple (3) lymph nodes su mitted.

D. Received fresh labeled "left para-aortic lymph nodes above the
inferior mesenteric_artery" is a 4.5 x 3.2 x 1.7 cm aggregate of
adipose and lymphatic tissue. All submitted.

E. Received fresh labeled "right pelvic lymph nodes" is a 11.4 x

7.5 g 1.7 cm aggregate of adipose and lymp atic tissue. Lymph nodes
submitted.

F. Received fresh labeled "left pelvic lymph nodes" is a 7.4 x 4.3
x E.Q cmdaggregate of adipose and lymphatic tissue. Lymph nodes
su mitte .

G. Received fresh labeled "uterus, left and right fallopian tubes
and ovaries" is a 115.0 gram uterus with attached bilateral tubes
and ovaries. The uterine serosa has focal fibrous adhesions. There
is a 3.5 x 3.3 x 2.2 cm polypoid mass in the anterior wall of the
endometrial cavity without invasion, grossl . The myometrial
thickness is 1.4 cm. There are multiple (2; uterine intramural
leiomyomas, rangin in size from 0.9 cm to 1.4 cm. There is a 2.1
x 1.3 x 1.1 cm rig t ovary with a smooth outer surface and a solid
cut surface with a 4.7 x 1.0 cm right fallopian tube, status
posterior tubal ligation. There is a 1.7 x 1.2 x 1.1 cm left ovary
with a smooth outer surface and a solid cut surface with a 4.5 x 1.1
cm left fallopian tube, status posterior tubal ligation.
Representative sections are submitted.

H. Received fresh labeled "bladder peritoneum" is a 2.2 x 1.1 x 0.4

cm aggregate of pink—tan to yellow soft tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

I. Received fresh labeled "right belvic sidewall" is a 2.3 x 0.7 x
0.4 cm aggregate of pink—tan to ye low soft tissue, which is
entirely submitted.

3. Received fresh labeled ”left pelvic sidewall" is a 1.8 x 017 x
0.5 cm aggregate of pink—tan to yellow soft tissue, which is
entirely submitted.

K. Received fresh labeled "cul—de-sac" is a 0.8 x 0.4 x 0.3 cm
ag regatg of pink—tan to yellow soft tissue, which is entirely
su mitte .

L. Received fresh labeled "small bowel mesentery" is a 0.7 x 0.6 x
0.3 cm aggregate of pink—tan to yellow soft tissue, which is
entirely submitted.

M. Received fresh labeled "small bowel serosa" is a 0.3 x 0.2 x 0.2

cm aggregate of pink-tan to yellow soft tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

N. Received fresh labeled "large bowel mesentery" is a 0.5 x 0.3 x
0.2 cm aggregate of pink—tan to yellow soft tissue, which is
entirely submitted.

0. Received fresh labeled "lar e bowel serosa" is a 0.3 x 0.2 x 0.2

cm aggregate of pink-tan to yel ow soft tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

P. Received fresh labeled "epipolic tag" is a 1.0 x 0.6 x 0.5 cm

aggregate of pink-tan to yellow soft tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

Q. Received fresh labeled "anterior abdominal wall" is a 1.1 x 0.6
x 0.4 cm aggregate of pink—tan to yellow soft tissue, which is
entirely submitted.

R. Received fresh labeled ”omentumf is an 18.0 x 12.0 x 4.0 cjm
portion of omentum. No masses are identified grossly: Lymph nodes
are not identified. Representative sections are submitted.

Crltevla

lumur Sim
”1PM
P110:

(as-z
Reviewer

Review-d:

 

/

