Surgical Pathology
REVISED REPORT (Revised information underlined) /bA—0-'3

ﬂdhwcwwuamvvimﬁmwﬂuhﬁAm:
‘ YBRO/g
JVhIJndnnahuwr csqy
TISSUE DESCRIPTION:

Bl B2 B3 B4 B5 B6 B7 C1 C2 C3 C4 C5 C6 C7 C8 C9 ébﬁt

C10 C11 D1

D2 D3 D4 D5 D6 D7 D8 D9 D10 D11 D12 D13 El E2 E3 F1 G1 H1
11

Uterus, right ovary (2.0 x 1.9 x 1.3 cm) with 8.8 cm
segment of

right fallopian tube, and left ovary (3.2 x 2.1 x 1.3 cm)
with 8.5

cm segment of left fallopian tube together weighing 200.0
grams;

previously submitted tissue from the abdomen (skin and
subcutaneous

tissue without umbilicus, 2305.0 grams); right and left
pelvic lymph

nodes; right and left para-aortic lymph nodes above and
below the

inferior mesenteric artery; right gonadal vessels (10.2 cm
in

length).

DIAGNOSIS:

Uterus, hysterectomy: FIGO grade III (of III) endometrial
adenocarcinoma, endometrioid type, forming an 8.4 x 3.5 x
2.4 cm

polypoid mass filling the endometrial cavity. The tumor
infiltrates

0.4 cm into the myometrium (total myometrial thickness,
2.0 cm).

Angiolymphatic invasion is not identified. Multiple (2)
intramural

leiomyomata (2.3 cm and 1.2 cm in greatest dimension) are
identified. The cervix is uninvolved by tumor.

Ovary and fallopian tube, right and left, salpingo—
oophorectomy:
Without diagnostic abnormality.

Lymph nodes, right pelvic, excision: A single (1 of 5)
right

external iliac lymph node is positive for a microscopic
focus of

 

UUID:741A81D9493E-4659-BC2E-BF77A7E1CC14

TCGA-Di-AZGS-a1A-PR Redacted
III IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
III IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII II I I IIIIIIIII I IIII II IIII I II I IIIIIIIII II III

metastatic adenocarcinoma. Multiple right pelvic lymph
nodes (2 internal iliac, 3 common iliac, 9 obturator) are
negative

for tumor.

 

Lymph nodes, left pelvic, excision: Multiple left pelvic
lymph

nodes (4 external iliac, 2 internal iliac, 5 common iliac,
7

obturator) are negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, right and left para—aortic, lymphadenectomy:
Multiple

para-aortic lymph nodes above the inferior mesenteric
artery (5

right, 5 left) are negative for tumor. Multiple para-
aortic lymph

nodes (3 additional right, 2 right below the inferior
mesenteric

artery) are negative for tumor.

Gonadal vessel, right, excision: The right gonadal vessel
is
negative for tumor.

Skin and subcutaneous tissue, abdomen, excision: Skin and
subcutaneous tissue without umbilicus (2305.0 grams)
identified

grossly.

AMENDMENTS: (Previous Signout Date: I
Revision Description: On deeper permanent sections, a
single (1 of -

5) right external iliac lymph node shows a microscopic
focus of

metastatic adenocarcinoma.

....Original Diagnosis....

Uterus, hysterectomy: FIGO grade III (of III) endometrial
adenocarcinoma, endometrioid type, forming an 8.4 x 3.5 x
2.4 cm

polypoid mass filling the endometrial cavity. The tumor
infiltrates

0.4 cm into the myometrium (total myometrial thickness,
2.0 cm).

Angiolymphatic invasion is not identified. Multiple (2)
intramural

leiomyomata (2.3 cm and 1.2 cm in greatest dimension) are
identified. The cervix is uninvolved by tumor.

Ovary and fallopian tube, right and left, salpingo—
oophorectomy:
Without diagnostic abnormality.

Lymph nodes, right pelvic, excision: Multiple right
pelvic lymph

nodes (5 external iliac, 2 internal iliac, 3 common iliac,
9

obturator) are negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, left pelvic, excision: Multiple left pelvic
lymph

nodes (4 external iliac, 2 internal iliac, 5 common iliac,
7

obturator) are negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, right and left para-aortic, lymphadenectomy:
Multiple

para—aortic lymph nodes above the inferior mesenteric
artery (5

right, 5 left) are negative for tumor. Multiple para—
aortic lymph

nodes (3 additional right, 2 right below the inferior
mesenteric

artery) are negative for tumor.

Gonadal vessel, right, excision: The right gonadal vessel
is
negative for tumor.

Skin and subcutaneous tissue, abdomen, excision: Skin and
subcutaneous tissue without umbilicus (2305.0 grams)
identified

grossly.

    

kl ab!“

