 

 

     
 

Case | D Gross Description

Stomach with a polypoid
tumour, up to 16 cm in its
diameter, invades adjacent
fatty tissue;

fatty tissue lymph nodes
are free of metastases;
omentum - hyperemia;
surgical margins are free of
metastases.

   

 

Microscopic
Description
Adenocarcinoma of the
stomach G2-3. In the
exofytic component the
predominant type of growth
is G2. In the endophtyic
component the
predominate component is
G3 with necrosis. Tumor
invades into the perigastric
fat. Fifteen lymph nodes
demonstrated reactive
hyperplasia. Omentum is
hyperemic. Surgical
margins are free of tumor
elements.

 

Diagnosis Details

    

Tumor Features: Exophytic
(polypoid), Tumor Extent:
Perigastric fat , Venous
Invasion: Absent, Margins:
Absent, Treatment Effect:

 

 

 

Connnents

 

Forn1atted Path
Repoï¬‚
STOMACH'HSSUE
CHECKUST

Specimen type: Total
gastrectomy

Tumor site: Antrum
Tumor size: 16 x 0 x 0 cm
Tumor features: Exophytic
(polypoid)

Histologic type:
Adenocarcinoma
Histologic grade: Poorly
differentiated

Tumor extent: Subserosa
Lymph nodes: 0/15
positive for metastasis
(Greater and lesser
omentum 0/15)
Lymphatic invasion: Not
specified

Venous invasion: Absent
Perineural invasion: Not
specified

Margins: Uninvolved
Evidence of neo-adjuvant
treatment: Not specified
Additional pathologic
findings: Not specified
Comments: None

 

 

Excision date Laterality

