Received Date/Time

 

 

Final

 
   
 
 

' Final
Reporting Information Date/Time : ‘
Histopathologist
Laboratory :
Final
. Final
Final

Histopathology Report

DIAGNOSIS

LEFT LEVEL 2 CERVICAL LYMPH NODE; EXCISION:
DIFFUSE LARGE B—CELL LYMPHOMA.

GROSS DESCRIPTION

Received a piece of specimen measuring 2 x l x 0.5cm which is trisected. One
piece measuring 1 x 0.5 x 0.2cm is partitioned for snap—freezing.

Received subsequently in formalin, labelled with patient's data, and designated
"cervical lymph node" are fragments of soft tissue altogether measuring 1.5 x
1.5 x 0.8cm, submitted entirely. (Al & A2; no reserve)

MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION

The nodal architecture is diffusely effaced, with spillover into extranodal
adipose tissue, by patternless masses of medium—sized cells with ample, pale
eosinophilic cytoplasm and irregular, vesicular nuclei containing dispersed
chromatin that allows visualisation of one-to-several nucleoli, accompanied by
scattered mitoses and apoptotic debris, the latter within tingible—body
macrophages that focally impart a "starry—sky" pattern. No granulomas or
metastatic malignancy is seen.

The lymphomatous proliferation is strongly and diffusely positive for pan-B cell
marker CD20 and coexpresses late—to—postgerminal centre—associated MUM.1 with
germinal centre—associated bcl-6, as well as antiapoptosis protein bcl—Z to a
far greater extent than can be accounted for by physiological expression in the
small numbers of admixed, CD3—positive, reactive, small T—lymphocytes, while
being largely negative for germinal centre—associated antigen CD10, which
highlights background stroma, thereby excluding Burkitt lymphoma in conjunction
with a variable cell proliferation fraction that falls well short of 100%,
culminating around 70—80% by Ki-67 immunolabelling. Immunostaining for Cyclin D1
is negative within the lymphoid proliferation, highlighting only physiological
expression in scattered histiocytic and activated endothelial nuclei, excluding
a blastoid mantle cell lymphoma. Negativity for terminal deoxynucleotidyl
transferase, except in rare haematogones, rules out a precursor lymphoblastic
neoplasm in conjunction with the CD10—negativity. CDZl—immunoreactive follicular
dendritic meshworks are rare, peripheralised and markedly attenuated, in keeping
with being overrun rather than supporting a folliculocentric component. External
positive controls are in working order.

(For your attention)

 

 

 

