£60613

uum:ncmssa-3:33—acEe-saca-azmcssasea 6M6 [no mCL " 5 (4.3
TCGA-77-ASGF-01A-PR Redacted C’ej/ NOS 867Gb
II|||||||||||||||ll|||l|||l|IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIE II"

I
lllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllll'li are (9%, issue

Histopathology Report $3,?! 7] l 3

HISTORY
Left lower lobe; LN 10; Bronchial Ca left iower lobe; patient has mild
pulmonary fibrosis

MACROECOFIC
Two Specimens submitted.

1. The first specimen is labelled ‘left lower lobe‘ and consists of a lobe of

lung measuring 125 x 80 x 65 mm. No parietal pleura is included. The visceral
pleural surface shows focal puckering of the lateral surface. The area of
puckering measures 25 mm in diameter. Several enlarged hilar nodes are
identiﬁed. They measure between 15 mm and 30 mm in diameter. Serial slicing
shows. a solitary, ill-deﬁned subpleural tumour measuring 24 x 10 x 22 mm. It
is‘located immediately beneath the area of pleural pocketing, and is 33 mm from
the bronchial resection margin. The non—neoplastic lung shows extensive
dilatation of the subpieurai airspaces toward the apex. Some of the dilated
airspaces, measure up to 35 mm in maximum diameter. Toward the base, there is
diffuse ﬁrmness of the lung parenchymal which is associated with grey
discolouration. [1A, shave bronchial resection margin; 13, shave vascular
resection margin; 1C-1 D, composite section of tumour and associated puckered
pleura; 1E-1F, composite section of full face of tumour and its relation to the
pleura; lG, rep'TS of tumour; lH-II, 2 rep T5 of apical lung showing

extensively dilated airspaces; 1], rep T5 of basal lung showing the firm grey
area; 1K«1N, hilar lymph nodes (1 node per block).]

2. The second specimen is labelled ‘left no 10 lymph node' and Consists of two
fragments of brown to black tissue measuring 16 x 8 x 7 mm and 9 x 6 x 6 mm.
Each of the fragments is bisected. USU, 2A.}

MICROSCOPIC

1: Sections show a poorly differentiated squamous cell carcinoma. The tumour

is subpleural and measures 27mm in maximum dimension [1C5]. Pleural invasion is
identified [16}. There is no vascular invasion or lymphatic permeation is

seen. No perineural invasion is identiﬁed. The lesion is well clear of the

bronchial resection margin. There is metastatic carcinoma within all the

identiﬁed hilar lymph nodes, with some of the lymph nodes showing transected
tumour deposits at the margins. The adjacent lung shows evidence of emphysema
and ﬁbrosis with a usual interstitial pneumonia (UIP)~iike pattern. Fibrosis

is most pronounced in the base of the lobe, where there is honeycomb change
with fibroblastic foot.

2: The No. 10 lymph node does not show evidence of metastases and contains
carbon pigment and birefringent material consistent with silica.

SUMMARY

Page 2 of2

1&2. Lung, leﬁ; lower iobe and lymph nodes:

- Poorly differentiated squamous cell carcinoma; 27mm in maximal dimension.
~ No lymphatic invasion, blood vessel and perineural invasion.

- Pleural invasion identiﬁed; clear of bronchial margin.

- Metastatic carcinoma in hilar lymph nodes.

- No evidence of malignancy In No 10 lymph node (Specimen 2).

~ TZa N1 [AJCC 79‘ ed}.

— Non-neoplastic lung: Emphysema, ﬁbrosis with UIP~iike pattern.

T-ZBOOO M~80703 P448000 P1433000

 

ANATOMICAL PATHOLOGY

 

Criteria

Disu
Tumor Site
iilPAi‘i
Fl iur

Us:
Revmwer initials

 

