a

 

l
i

Requesting Doctor's information: I TCGA'°R‘A53K'°“‘PR

3104513

||||||||l|||||l|||||||||||llllllllllllllllllllIllllllﬁl
||||||||||||||||||||llll||l|ll|||||||||||ll|l|l||l|||| ll
lllllllHI||||||||IlllllllllllllllIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIII

UUID:69DBF44F-F313-423E-8DD7—E3F50AEI7558

R dacted

lllllll
Illl
||||

C’Cl/Clnb 91:10..) Adrian! ébf'I'ICzr’.’ 8870/6:

 

   

' 5"

SPECIMEN TYPE: Adrenal

CLlNiCAL NOTES:
En Bloc resection oi Lt ACC + left kidney. Tumour thrombus in Lt renal vein.
Biopsy of tumour for genetics studies. 1

MACROSCOPIC:

The specimen consists of an en block resection of kidney, adrenal, renal vein
and surrounding fat. The kidney is 120;): 80 x 60mm. Medial and superior to
the kidney there is a mostly encapsulated tumour, 140 x 130 x 110mm. The
tumour does not invade into the kidney parenchyma but is separated from the
kidney by a narrow rim of fatty tissue. On sectioning, there is focal

extension through the tumour capsule into the surrounding perinephritic fat, up
to 13mm in depth. The tumour also invades directly into the adjacent renal
vein forming a nodular tumour mass, SQ x 20 x 20mm in the vein lumen. The
stapled resection margin of the renal vein appears abutted by the tumour mass.
The cut surface of the tumour has a yellow/tan heterogenous appearance. it is
variegated and haemorrhagic in areas. iThe tumour weighs 8269. The adlaoent
kidney appears normal on sectioning. At the hilum the artery 30mm in length.
renal vein 70mm in length. and ureter 50mm in length are identified. The renai
vein is involved as described previously; No lymph nodes are found despite
careful examination of the pen-renal and pert-adrenal tissue.

Block 1: renal vein margin with tumour thrombus

Block 2: ureteric and renal artery margins

Blocks 3,4: tumour invading through capsule and extending into perinephritic
fat 1

Blocks 5-7: further tumour invading directly into renal vein

Blocks 8~1 1: further tumour from various areas

Block 12: normal kidney 4

MlCHOSCOPlC: » '

The 8269 140 mm tumour is a high grade adrenal cortical carcinoma. The
carcinoma displays a of the 9 Weiss criteria of malignancy. it is composed
predominantly of pieomorphio cells with eosinophilic cytoplasm. There is
extensive coagulative necrosis and some of the necrotic areas show dystrophic
calcification. There is sinusoidal and venous invasion and, as described
macroscopically, a 30 mm tumour thrombus is present in the renal vein. The
mitotic rate is 4 mitoses per 50 hot. Occasional atypical mitoses are present.
The tumour is mostly well circumscribed but does show extraeadrenai spread.
The tumour abuts the renal vein margin: it is separated from the soft tissue
resection margins by intact tissue planes indicating that all other margins are

 

MMélw,wJ-w 674$

 

id

<Q0f‘ﬁﬂihib

BWGEMlﬁW ﬁbﬁwgﬁﬂbﬂﬁ

 

l Requesting Doctor’s informaﬁon:

I

 

 

   

SPECIMEN TYPE: Adrenal
ciear.

The adjacent nonmeopiastic adrenal gland is normal. The kidney also shows no
histoiogicai abnormality.

immunohistochemistry' Is as follows:

iGF-Z: Diffuse strong positive staining {with perinuciear dot-iike positivity)
Glucocorticoid receptor: Positive (score 2+) ,
Ki—67 proliferative index: 5%

SUMMARY:
Left adrenal gland and kidney: Adrenal cortical carcinoma 140mm.

REPORTING PATHOLOGIST:
(Electronic Signature)

C'vf'. r3:

s’)i>1 ('59an

imyimrSIteiscvpny‘ _ _

HIHA
PH dr

RAW-saver

 

 

 

 

Page 2m 2

 

 

 

a Where 'Collected’ indicates Rec:

 

<QOVCiﬁﬁT

«mﬁﬁﬁiqbv wbﬁ-EOAFZF

