 

  

CGA 416-3809

SPECIMEN
Extended right hemicolectiomy — subtotal colectomy '

CLINICAL NOTES

PREHOP DIAGNOSI: Carcinoma transverse colon

GROSS DESCRIPTION

Received fresh in a container labeled "extended right

hemicolectomy — subtotal colectomy" is a segment of bowel
consisting of 6 cm. of terminal ileum with 50 cm of contiguous
colon. There is a 30 X 11 x 1 cm. portion of omentum which is
adherent to the outer aspect of the colon wall over an area 6 x 5
cm, with induration of the omentum in that area. The serosal

surface

the

of the bowel away from where the omentum is attached is glistening
and tan—pink. No appendix is present with the specimen. The bowel
is opened. The small bowel averages 4.5 cm. in circumference and

colon averages 8.5 cm. in circumference. The mucosa of the small
bowel is tan—pink, smooth, and glistening, with a normal pattern of
folds. There are no focal lesions in the small bowel. The colon is
notable for a circumferential mass, with the bowel 12 cm. in
circumference in this region, with this mass 9 cm. long and
maximally 1.2 cm. thick. Sectioning through the mass reveals the
tumor to invade through the bowel wall into fat in the region with
adherent omentum noted above, appearing to involve the omentum. The
tumor comes very near to, but does not clearly reach, the outer
margin. The tumor is 24 cm. from the distal resection margin. The
remainder of the colonic mucosa is tan—pink with edematous folds,
with additional polyps up to 0.3 cm. in greatest dimension. The
adipose tissue is dissected, and there are multiple soft tan lymph
nodes identified. RS—lZ, following fixation.

BLOCK SUMMARY: 1 — proximal and distal resection margins; 2 ~
ileocecal valve; 3 — mucosa away from mass, including polyps; 4—7 —
tumor, including relationship to omentum; 8—12 - lymph nodes.

GROSS DESCRIPTION

 

MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION

The following template summarizes the findings in this case:

Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma, with some features of mucinous
adenocarcinoma.

Histologic grade: Moderately differentiated

Primary tumor {pT}: Adenocarcinoma invades through the full

thickness of the bowel wall into the surrounding adipose tissue.

grossly this appeared to be into omentum, it is favored this is
pT4.

Proximal margin: Negative

Distal margin: Negative

Circumferential (radial) margin: Tumor is not at the outer surface

of the specimen, but is <1 mm from the outer surface where the
omentum is adherent. Clinical correlation is recommended
regarding whether this is radial margin or a free surface.

Distance of tumor from closest margin: See above

Vascular invasion: Not definitively identified

Regional lymph nodes (pN): pNO. Twentyufour lymph nodes are

identified and they are negative for malignancy.

Non—lymph node pericolonic tumor: Not identified

Distant metastasis {pM}: pMX

Other findings: There is prominent necrosis in areas of the tumor.

There is a separate adenomatous polyp.

Note: This case has been discussed with - -.

DIAGNOSIS

Terminal ileum and extended right hemicolectomy—subtotal colectomy,
excision
— Moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma, with some features of
mucinous adenocarcinoma, invading throught the full thickness of
colonic wall and into surrounding adipose tissue and adherent
omentum (see microscopic description).
— Proximal and distal resection margins negative for malignancy,
with tumor <1 mm from outer surface of specimen (see microscopic
description).
- Twenty~four lymph nodes negative for malignancy.

 

—H— End Of Report ———

