| or, » 0- s
CWW, W “”5

HIM/’0

844113 M

. Surgical Pathology S’h &&” &“““*““4W“ C54J

TISSUE DESCRIPTION:
A1 A2 J1 J2 K1 K2 L1 M1 N1 B1 B2 B3 B4 B5 B6 B7

B8 B9 B10

B11 B12 813 B14 B15 C1 C2 C3 C4 C5 C6 C7 C8 C9 C10 C11 C12
D1 D2 D3

D4 D5 D6 D7 D8 D9 D10 D11 E1 E2 E3 E4 Fl G1 G2 H1 H2 H3 H4
I1 12 I3

Uterus, right ovary (3.1 x 1.5 x 1.1 cm) with 9.0 cm
segment of

right fallopian tube, and left ovary (2.8 x 1.7 x 1.1 cm)
with 9.0

cm segment of left fallopian tube together weighing 125.0
grams,

tissue from the bladder peritoneum (4.1 x 1.6 x 0.2 cm),
left colic

gutter (aggregating 2.3 x 1.9 x 0.5 cm), right colic
gutter

(aggregating 3.9 x 2.4 x 0.3 cm), tissue from the
diaphragm (2

pieces aggregating 0.5 x 0.4 x 0.4 cm), small bowel
mesentery

(biopsy, 0.4 x 0.3 x 0.2 cm), portion of omentum
(aggregating 15.0 x

6.5 x 2.8 cm), appendix (8.3 x 0.4 cm), right and left
pelvic lymph

nodes, right and left para-aortic lymph nodes.

DIAGNOSIS:

Uterus, total abdominal hysterectomy: High grade serous_
carci

forming a mass (4.8 x 4.7 x 3.6 cm) arising in association
with an

endometrial polyp. The tumor invades throughout the
thickness of

the myometrium to focally involve the uterine serosa.
Lymphovascular invasion is present. The cervix is
unremarkable.

Ovary, left, oophorectomy: Endometrioma with focal
hyperplasia (1.1
cm).

Ovary, right, oophorectomy: No diagnostic abnormalities.

UUID: 778F9F58- 841E- 48F3- BSEA- 7CF58463808eBd
TCGA- D1- A16G- B1A- PR

ted
eel||| III
I“

Fallopian tubes, right and left, salpingectomies: No
diagnostic
abnormalities.

Soft tissue, bladder peritoneum, excision: Involved by
high grade ’
serous carcinoma.

Peritoneum, right and left colic gutter, biopsies:
Negative for

tumor. Frozen section histologic interpretation performed
by:

Peritoneum, diaphragm, biopsy: Negative for tumor. Frozen
section
histologic interpretation performed by:

Mesentery, small bowel, biopsy: Negative for tumor.
Frozen section
histologic interpretation performed by:

Omentum, omentectomy: Involved by high grade serous
carcinoma.
Frozen section histologic interpretation performed by:

M.D.

Appendix, appendectomy: Fibrous obliteration of appendix.
Frozen
section histologic interpretation performed by:

Lymph nodes, right pelvic, excision: Multiple right
pelvic lymph

nodes (1 internal iliac, 8 external iliac, 2 common iliac
and 6

obturator) are negative for tumor. Frozen section
histologic

interpretation performed by:

Lymph nodes, left pelvic, excision: Multiple left pelvic
lymph

nodes (3 external iliac, 6 common iliac and 4 obturator)
are

negative for tumor. Frozen section histologic
interpretation

performed by:

 

Lymph nodes, right para—aortic, excision: Multiple right
para—aortic lymph nodes (4 above and 7 below the inferior
mesenteric

artery) are negative for tumor. Frozen section histologic
interpretation performed by:

Lymph nodes, left para—aortic, excision: Multiple left
para-aortic

lymph nodes (4 above the inferior mesenteric artery) are
negative

for tumor. Specimen labeled as "left para—aortic lymph
nodes below

the inferior mesenteric artery" revealed no nodal tissue.

This final pathology report is based on the
gross/macroscopic

examination and frozen section histologic evaluation of
the

specimen(s).

Reviewer

 

