 

'Cb~C9—3
a40chWMXJomav éﬁxdawuj7ukdd,AIas
YBﬂﬁé IJth

Surgical Pathology §+Lcha admmmuww ¢5$l

TISSUE DESCRIPTION:
A1 A2 A3 A4 A5 A6 A7 A8 A9 A10 A11 A12 A13 B1 B2

B3 B4 BS

B6 B7 B8 B9 C1 C2 C3 C4 C5 C6 C7 C8 C9 C10 C11 D1 E1 E2 F1
G1 H1 H2

11

Uterus, right ovary (1.9 x 0.9 x 0.8 cm) with 9.6 cm
segment of

right fallopian tube, and left ovary (1.8 x 1.1 x 0.7 cm)
with 8.8

cm segment of left fallopian tube (together weighing 130.0
grams);

right and left pelvic lymph nodes; right and left para—
aortic lymph

nodes above and below the inferior mesenteric artery;
right gonadal

vessel (6.2 cm in length); and left gonadal vessel (5.4 cm
in

length).

DIAGNOSIS:

Uterus, bilateral ovaries, and fallopian tubes; total
abdominal

hysterectomy and bilateral salpingo—oophorectomy:
Endometrial

adenocarcinoma, endometrioid type with villoglandular
features, FIGO

grade 2 (of 3)forming a polypoid mass (5.4 x 3.7 x 2.6 cm)
{Hat

invades 1.3 cm into the myometrium (total myometrial
thickness, 2.1

cm). There is no lymphovascular invasion. The cervix is
uninvolved. The bilateral ovaries and fallopian tubes are
without

diagnostic abnormality.

Lymph nodes, left pelvic, excision: Multiple (4 external
iliac, 2

internal iliac, 2 common iliac, 9 obturator) left pelvic
lymph nodes

are negative for tumor.

UUID: 4E67EAA4- 3669- 4562- A403- 9300A9FA494éd
TCGA- D1- A167- BlA- PR

ted
NWWWMWWHMMWMMMMMMMWMH"

mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmnm
IWHWMMMMHMMMMHWHWWNHMW

Lymph nodes, right pelvic, excision: Multiple (7 external
iliac, 4

internal iliac, 8 common iliac, 16 obturator) right pelvic
lymph

nodes are negative for tumor.

Lymph nodes, left and right para-aortic, excision:
Multiple (9

left, 4 right) para—aortic lymph nodes above the inferior
mesenteric

artery are negative for tumor. Multiple (5 left, 2 right)

para—aortic lymph nodes below the inferior mesenteric
artery are

negative for tumor.

Gonadal vessels, left and right, excision: The left and
right
gonadal vessels are negative for tumor.

  

Inc is
(eviewer

 

 
  
 

