MA»0’3

WWW, Mm, Nos 8441/3
$.11; WW 6—5‘H a/M/H
,w
- Surgical Pathology

UUID: 08AE92E6- EDAB— 4059- AF51- 4A8522EDD46e3d
TCGA- D1- A1MJ- 01A- PR

I||l|||l||I|||||llllllllll||||||||||||l|ll||ll|||||||||||||lc|l|ted
|||||l||||l|l||l|||llll|l|||l||
Hillllllllllllllllllllllhllulylhlll“llllllllllllIHIllllllllllllllllllll

HH
SLIDE DISPOSITION: m]
DIAGNOSIS:
A. Abdomen, panniculectomy: Skin and subcutaneous tissue,
1880.0
grams, identified grossly.

B. Uterus, bilateral ovaries and fallopian tubes;
hysterectomy and

bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy: High-grade serous
adenocarcinoma is

identified forming a polypoid mass (4.7 x 2.4 x 0.8 cm)
located in

the fundus and left posterior uterine wall. The tumor
invades 0.3

cm into the myometrium (total wall thickness 1.9 cm). The
tumor

does not involve the endocervix. Lymphovascular space
invasion is

not identified. The margins are negative for tumor.
Endometriosis

is identified in the cul—de-sac. A single submucosal
leiomyoma (3.6

x 3.0 x 2.7 cm) is identified underlying the endometrial
tumor. The

bilateral ovaries and fallopian tubes are not involved.

C. Lymph nodes, left pelvic, lymphadenectomy: Multiple
(13) left
pelvic lymph nodes are negative for tumor.

D. Lymph nodes, right pelvic, lymphadenectomy: Multiple
(24) right
pelvic lymph nodes are negative for tumor.

E. Lymph nodes, left para—aortic, biopsy: Multiple (3)
left

para—aortic lymph nodes are negative for tumor.

F. Gonadal vessel, left, excision: Negative for tumor.

G. Lymph nodes, right para-aortic, biopsy: Multiple
(5) right
para—aortic lymph nodes are negative for tumor.

H. Gonadal vessel, right, excision: Negative for tumor.

I. Omentum, omentectomy: Accessory spleen (0.5 cm in
greatest
dimension) without diagnostic abnormality.

J—T: Peritoneum, cul-de—sac, right colic gutter, left
colic gutter,

right pelvic sidewall, left pelvic sidewall, small bowel
serosa,

small bowel mesentery, large bowel serosa, large bowel
mesentery,

right diaphragm, bladder peritoneum, staging biopsies:
Negative for

tumor, all specimens.

With available surgical material [AJCC pTlaNO] (7th
edition, 2010).

This final pathology report is based on the
gross/macroscopic

examination and the frozen section histologic evaluation
of the

specimen(s). Hematoxylin and Eosin (H&E) permanent
sections are

reviewed to confirm these findings. Any substantive
changes

identified on permanent section review will be reflected
in a

revised report.

GROSS DESCRIPTION:

A. Received fresh labeled "pannus"is an 1880.0 gram
portion of skin

and subcutaneous tissue. There is a 7.0 x 5.3 x 3.2 cm
portion of

circumscribed fat in the central portion of the specimen.

Gross

only.

B. Received fresh labeled "uterus, right and left
fallopian tubes

and ovaries" is a 130.0 gram uterus with attached
bilateral

fallopian tubes and ovaries. The anterior uterine serosa
and

cul-de—sac have focal adhesions suspicious for
endometriosis. There

is a 4.7 x 2.4 x 0.8 cm polypoid mass in the fundus and
left

posterior wall of the endometrial cavity with an
underlying 3.6 x

3.0 x 2.7 cm submucosal leiomyoma. Grossly, the tumor
invades 0.3

cm into a 1.9 cm thick myometrium. There is a 1.6 x 0.8 x
0.8 cm

right ovary with a smooth outer surface and a solid cut
surface with

a 6.8 x 0.6 cm right fallopian tube which is unremarkable.
There is

a 1.0 x 0.5 x 0.4 cm left ovary with a ragged outer
surface and a

solid cut surface with a 7.7 x 0.6 cm left fallopian tube
which is

unremarkable. Representative sections are submitted.

C. Received fresh labeled "left pelvic lymph nodes" is a
5.5 x 5.4

x 1.4 cm aggregate of adipose and lymphatic tissue.
Multiple (12)

lymph nodes are identified. All lymph nodes submitted.

D. Received fresh labeled "right pelvic lymph nodes" is a
7.7 x 4.7

x 1.8 cm aggregate of adipose and lymphatic tissue.
Multiple (23)

lymph nodes are identified. All lymph nodes submitted.

E. Received fresh labeled "left para-aortic lymph nodes"
is a 4.2 x

1.3 x 1.0 cm aggregate of adipose and lymphatic tissue.
All lymph

nodes submitted.

F. Received fresh labeled "left gonadal vessels" is a 4.1
cm in

length by 0.3 cm in diameter portion of unremarkable blood
vessel. A
representative section is submitted.

G. Received fresh labeled "right para-aortic lymph nodes"
is a 3.6

x 2.8 x 1.1 cm aggregate of adipose and lymphatic tissue.
All lymph

nodes submitted.

H. Received fresh labeled "right gonadal vessels" is a
4.0 cm in

length by 0.4 cm in diameter portion of unremarkable blood
vessel.

A representative section is submitted.

I. Received fresh labeled "omentum" is a 24.0 x 3.2 x 2.1
cm

portion of omentum. No masses are identified grossly. A
0.5 cm in

greatest dimension accessory spleen is identified. A
representative

section is submitted.

J. ‘Received fresh labeled "cul—de-sac" is a 1.0 x 0.6 x
0.4 cm
aggregate of pink—tan tissue, which is entirely submitted.

K. Received fresh labeled "right colic gutter" is a 2.0 x
1.3 x 0.6

cm aggregate of pink—tan tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

L. Received fresh labeled "left colic gutter" is a 1.6 x
0.6 x 0.4

cm aggregate of pink—tan tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

M. Received fresh labeled "right pelvic sidewall" is a
1.8 x 1.4 x

1.0 cm aggregate of pink-tan tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

N. Received fresh labeled "left pelvic sidewall" is a 1.5
x 0.4 x

0.3 cm aggregate of pink—tan tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

0. Received fresh labeled "small bowel serosa" is a 0.6 x
0.3 x 0.3

cm aggregate of pink—tan tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

P. Received fresh labeled "small bowel mesentery" is a
0.7 x 0.6 x

0.4 cm aggregate of pink—tan tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

Q. Received fresh labeled "large bowel serosa" is a 0.6 x
0.4 x 0.4

cm aggregate of pink—tan tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

R. Received fresh labeled "large bowel mesentery" is a
2.5 x 1.4 x

1.2 cm aggregate of pink-tan tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

S. Received fresh labeled "right diaphragm" is an 0.5 x
0.3 x 0.3

cm aggregate of pink—tan tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

T. Received fresh labeled "bladder peritoneum" is an 0.7
x 0.6 x

0.4 cm aggregate of pink—tan tissue, which is entirely
submitted.

MIPM

In
Review" Initials

 

